CASMTRIAGE-7763: Workaround for cray-console-node in CLBO state (#5711)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: troubleshooting/known_issues/cray-console-node_pods_in_CrashLoopBackOff.md

# `cray-console-node` pods in `CrashLoopBackOff`

## Issue description

> After installing CSM 1.6, `cray-console-node` Kubernetes pods intermittently go into a `CrashLoopBackOff` state.
> This happens because of a permission issue with the `/var/log/conman` directory inside the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cray-console-node` Kubernetes pods may go into a `CrashLoopBackOff` state.
This happens because of a permission issue with the `/var/log/conman` directory inside the container.
```
